Feature/number to words (#158)
lblod/ember-rdfa-editor-lblod-plugins: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added
- Numbers inputted into a number variable are validated on defined min/max and if it is a number

> - Add a way for the user to insert numbers as words

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add toggle for the user to show number variable as words
```
I think this is a bit more explicit :)
